Repeat the code phrase.
"I gave them painkiller,
so they'll be fine."
Good.
Area 2-3, 2-4, and 2-5
are ready to be wiretapped.
Eun!
-Sir.
-Hurry up.
It's nice to meet you.
You too.
Director Eun and Chief An.
As far as we know, two of the spies
and one agent of ours are injured.
Judging by the gunfire, some of
the students might've gotten hurt too.
Will you be okay by yourself?
Dr. Kang's such an excellent doctor.
I noticed that one of the hostages
is a nursing major.
She can have them help her.
I'll be okay by myself.
We'll do our best to get you out safely
once you're done.
And agent Jang Han-na
will assist you well.
This is the list of the captured students.
Does any of them have an illness?
Why?
Just tell me if there's anyone
who must get out.
Those with illnesses are hard to handle,
but there are other students
harder to control.
This one sleepwalks every night.
And this one fearlessly protests
while throwing petrol bombs.
And this one's a nut job who always does
what I tell her not to do.
Think about it.
They knew they'd be kicked out
if they broke the rules.
But they still deceived me
as well as ANSP agents…
They hid you inside the bench
in the sauna, didn't they?
Being all naked. Who does that?
They're so daring.
Yes, they're obedient for now,
but as time passes by,
they'll be hard to control.
If you think the girls are easy to handle,
you'll get in trouble.
It doesn't have to be students, does it?
I said, shut your mouths!
I'm sorry.
I will keep my mouth shut.
Keep your heads down.
Everyone raise your heads.
I'll release some of you right now.
As for the rest of you, I'll release
those who are cooperative
next time or the next time after that.
But for those who disobey us
and are uncooperative,
there will be no release.
I, Oh Gwang-tea, will always
be cooperative.
I swear.
If you understood, be wise about it.
If your name is called,
stand up.
Mr. Eun, they're calling names.